Lecturer: In this lecture and the next few lectures,
I'm gonna teach you how to create your own backdoors.
As an ethical hacker, it is very important to understand
and learn how to do this properly
because you will find yourself in
so many situations where you have to generate backdoors
to gain full control over the target computer.
So first of all, what do we mean by a backdoor?
A backdoor is simply a program that gives us remote control
over the system that it gets executed on.
So it allows us to remotely execute system commands,
access resources such as the storage, upload
and download files and read them on the target system, see
what they type on, their keyboard, access their webcam,
even access their desktop, and so much more.
Basically, you'll be able to remotely do anything
that a normal person can do
on their computer once they execute your backdoor.
So a backdoor is simply a program,
it's simply an executable,
but what makes it special is part of its code
that we refer to as a payload.
So the payload is the part of the code inside the backdoor,
inside the executable that allows us to remotely control
that computer, execute system commands,
access its resources, and so on.
So the program that we're gonna use
to generate payloads is called msfvenom,
and I'm choosing to go with this program
because it's kind of the industry standard
to learn how to use msfvenom,
and then there is more advanced tools
that modify the payloads generated
by msfvenom and make them bypass antivirus programs
and do fancy stuff with it to allow you
to bypass security and so on.
But as an ethical hacker, and especially
in this course, it is very important
to learn how to use msfvenom first before moving
on to more advanced techniques, which I cover
in my other courses such as the social engineering course
and the cloud course, where I show you how
to use proper C2 frameworks to control the computers
that you hacked from within the cloud.
But before we can do that, it is very important
to have a strong foundation and this topic,
and that's why we're starting with msfvenom.
So if we actually just go ahead to Kali
and type msfvenom -- list to list all
of the payloads that we can use.
So like I said, msfvenom is the program
that we're gonna use to generate our backdoors,
and we're simply asking it to list all
of the payloads that it has.
And if I head enter and give it a few seconds
because you'll see we're gonna get a huge list of payloads.
As you can see, there are so many payloads to pick from.
And as you can see, the first part is the name
of the payload.
And the second part in here is a description
of how this payload works.
And obviously you can google the name
of the payload to learn more about it.
But before we do all of that, I wanna spend this lecture
to explain to you the naming pattern that we have in here,
because as you can see, most of these payloads are made up
of three parts, as you can see in here, separated
by forward slashes.
Now these parts, first of all, refer to the platform
that the payload works on, the type of payload
and the communication channel
or method that the payload is going to use in order
to give you remote control over that computer.
So an example would be windows/shell/reverse_http.
And as I said, the first part in here is the platform.
So this specific payload is designed
to work on Windows computers.
Now msfvenom, as you saw earlier, has
so many different payloads.
So you've got Linux payloads, osx, apple_ios for iPads
and iPhones, you've got Android payloads.
The platform can also be a programming language such
as Python or Java.
So payloads that start with Python
or Java mean that they will work on any computer
that is able to run Python code
or Java, regardless of the operating system.
It doesn't matter if it runs Windows, Linux or Apple OSX.
If you create a Python payload, it'll work on any computer
that has a Python interpreter regardless
of its operating system.
And then we even have generic payloads that are designed
without thinking about the operating system.
They're designed to work in different scenarios
and different operating system regardless of
that operating system.
So that's the first part of the payload, the platform.
Now the next part is the type of the payload.
And in this example it's Shell.
And what that means is that it's going
to give you remote shell control.
So you'll be able to do anything that you can do on
that computer using its shell, using commands.
Now again, there are so many other types
than Shell payloads.
We have interpreter payloads,
which are payloads specifically designed
by the Metasploit team.
They run in memory, they use encrypted communication,
and they are designed to be modular and extendable.
So they offer so, so many features
and these are actually the kind of payloads
that we're going to use ourselves later on.
You also have payloads designed to inject their code
into other files such as the DLL inject that injects itself
into DLL files and the PEI that is designed
to be injected into portable executable files.
You got the VNC inject payloads that allow you
to access the desktop of the computer that you've hacked.
You even have very simple payloads
that simply display a message box.
And you might think that this is not useful,
but it actually is.
If you're just testing and trying
to test and exploit, not a backdoor,
you don't really wanna hack the target computer.
You just wanna see if exploit worked
because you're running the code yourself.
So a lot of the time you wanna keep things simple
and you wanna go with a very simple payload
that will simply display a message box
and if you see the message box it
that you actually manage to exploit whatever vulnerability
that you're trying to exploit.
So the first part is the platform,
and the second part is the type.
And the third part of the payload name
is the communication method or channel, like we said.
And if you look closely, you can see
that even this part is almost made out of two parts.
So the first part is the direction of the connection,
and I'll explain that to you in a second.
And the second part is the protocol used in this connection.
So when it comes to the direction,
the most common types are gonna be either bind or reverse.
And let me explain to you what I mean by that.
Let's say that you have two computers.
This is you the hacker, and this is the target computer
in a bind or a direct connection, when the backdoor
is executed on the target computer,
it opens up what we call a port.
So you can think of this as if it's a socket on the wall.
And then as a hacker, you would go in whenever you want
and connect to the socket using your plug.
Now the problem with this is opening a port in here
at the target computer could potentially raise a lot
of alarms.
So if they have a firewall installed, it'll raise an alarm.
And even when you connect to it,
the connection is not a typical connection
that a normal personal computer would do.
However, if we go with a reverse connection,
we do the reverse.
So instead of opening a port at the target computer,
we actually open a port in our own computer.
Therefore, even if our firewall complains about this,
we can disable the firewall
because we are doing this ourselves
and we know what we are doing.
And then when we execute the backdoor
at the target computer, the backdoor is gonna connect
from the target computer to our computer.
So this connection is much less suspicious
because first of all, we're not opening any ports
at the target computer.
And connecting from the target computer
to any other destination is very normal
because even if a target goes ahead
and loads a normal website, they are basically connecting
to that website on port 80 or 8080.
And this is exactly what we can do.
We can actually open port 80 or 8080
so that this connection looks less suspicious.
And even use a protocol that is used by web servers so
that our connection seems like normal web traffic.
So remember we said the second part
of the communication is a protocol.
So when you load a website, you either load it
over HTTP or HTTPS.
So we can actually use a reverse connection on a port
that websites use, which is part 80 or 8080,
and set the protocol to HTTP or HTTPS.
And that way the connection is gonna seem very similar
to a connection that a would make when they load a website,
thus allowing us to bypass many firewalls
and security measurements.
So this is a very common naming convention
when it comes to payloads.
We have the platform in the first part, the type
of the payload in the second part,
and the communication method in the last part.
So let's just have a quick look at a few examples just
to make sure that we understand this properly.
So these are very common payloads that you might see
or use yourself in many places.
As you can see, the first three in here, while
on the run on Windows as the platform, you can see the type
in this one is shell, meterpreter and meterpreter.
And we explained what these are, and both
of these are using reverse connection.
This one is using the TCP protocol.
This one is using the HTTP protocol,
and this one is actually using a bind
or a direct connection over the TCP protocol.
Now, as mentioned earlier, there are payloads
that would work on any computer as long
as they have a specific program and language installed.
So we have an example of a Python payload in here.
So the platform here is Python.
It's not an operating system
because it will run on any operating system
that has Python installed.
Now, I also wanted to point out these two payloads in here.
And as you can see, they don't follow
the exact naming convention that we spoke about.
You will see outliers in the payloads in there
because not all payloads can actually be used as backdoors.
And you'll see that as you go through this course
and maybe my other courses,
but these payloads can actually be used as backdoors.
But you can see in this one, the first two parts
are actually referring to the platform.
So it's an Apple OSX, x64, not the arm computers.
And then the next part is actually the type,
so it's not really separated with a forward slash.
And then the last part is the communication method in here.
Same with this Apple payload.
So this is for Apple iOS and it's for arm chips.
So this one is for x64 chips, this one is for arm chips.
Again, the first two parts are referring to the platform.
And then the next part is referring to the type.
And the final part is referring to the communication.
So sometimes the forward slashes could be
a little bit misleading, but the order is always the same.
The first part of the payload indicates the platform.
The second part indicates the type of the payload.
And the last part is the communication method.
Now we're actually gonna probably be using only one
or two types of payloads throughout the course,
but like I said, this course is designed
to teach you the basics of hacking.
And it is very important to learn how
to create your own backdoors and payloads using msfvenom.
And to do that, it's very important to understand
the naming convention that the payloads use.
And in the next lecture I'm gonna show you how
to put this in practice, create a backdoor
and use it to hack a Windows computer.